MinimalDifference - 
Initial Thoughts:
This question tooke me a few minutes to understand but i get it now, its asking me to find a number between int A and int B to have the
smaller gap possible. My first thought is to first use a helper function to calculate the digit sum of any given number, now to 
do that my idea is to loop throuugh the number. I have two ideas, i could do some  proper math using modulo to get the digits of the 
number or i could just convert it into a string and loop trhought that easily.Im going to go with the string strategy because its
 a lot easier, now the only step is to figure out the closest number to the digit sum of C, my idea is to have a variable called 
close and loop from A and B calling the helper funciton each time and if its equal then retunr immedialtely else if it loops to
the end then return the variblae with the smallest close.

Reflection:
The question was very starightfoward in implementing the digit sum and looping, the only obstacle i faced was figuring out the 
closest number which i ended up doing using the absolute value difference and keeping track of it in a seperate variable. Other than 
that it was a pretty simple solution following the rest of my ideas in the initial thoughts above.


FairWorkload -
Initial Thoughts:
The question took a while to read and understand but i get it, you have to split the work as evenly as possible with t ehnumber of 
workers given. My first idea is becasue the constraints to the folers only go from 2-15 you can maybebrute force it so it partitions
every time a worker is given. So my idea is lets assume the worjer is one and the case is 10 -100, you  would try i partition
between each number recording the max workload and replacing it each time it becomes less and less. Eventually returning it at 
the end. The only obstacle i see is that i think it would time out because it suboptimal.

Reflection:
This question felt really good to solve,i needed some help at the end becasue i couldnt figure out what was going wrong but it
was jsut a subtle bug i had to fix. My solution first figure out the max value in the vector and the total sum of all values as 
the answer would be in between those regardless of workers. Then you choose a value that you can guess to see if the workers are
able to fit into that amount of folders. So you would naturally choose the mid point and check using ahelper function to see if it'll 
go over or not. If it does not go over than adjust the mid point to be between the max value in the vector and the mid point, it 
it does go over than the max value becomes the mid point. Continuing this pattern shrinks the value it can be every time which is 
an optimal O(n) solution. This is basically binary search mixed with greedy to check feasibility.


VeryInterestingMovie - 
Initial Thoughts:
This question was a bit wordy but i get it in the end, to be honest this looks like a very similar question to the lemon one in 
last year practice B1, becasue all you have to do is figure out the best configuration of seats in each row and add them up all
together. I dont understand why its worded so weirdly because it seems like a simple dp problem. My idea is to loop thorugh each
array and create a dp table where if the seat is avalible then give the option to either take it or dont take it and take the one before
it.
