CatGame - 
Initial Thoughts:
This is my first graph question and its quite simple to understand, you just want to find the most optimal solution given a vector of
coordinates able to move left or right. Right of the bat i can see that trying all combinations of left/right moves for all cats 
woulndt work becasue the constraints are up to 50 making it 2^50 which is too large. Since the order doesnt matter, my initial Thought
was to sort the coordinates as we know the largest number it can be would be the first coordinate moving left and the last moving right.
An idea i had is similar to binary search where given an split point, all the coordinates on the left would move right and all the coordinates
on the right would move left. That way if you go through each split point and compute the minimal range than i feel like that would work.

Reflection:
I solved 60% of the test questions on my first go but i forgot there there are sepcial edge cases where all the cooridnates should go left
or all go right as the split forces there to be at least one going each way. Other than that obstacle i solved it pretty easily following
the logic explained above. I can tell that these graph questions are gonna be a lot harder than everything i learned previously.


HandsShaking -
initial Thoughts: 
This question looks quite simple and just invovles figuring out the arithmatic behind it as your simply given an int and u return 
an int. I would approach this question by starting from the smaller numbers and building my way up, so obviously 2 would be 2 but 4
has 3 different arrangments where 2 are perfect.A method i could do is going through each possibility as each handshake divides the 
circle into two smaller groups that must also have perfect non-crossing handshakes. The total number of perfect shakes is found by 
multiplying the possibilities on each side of every possible split and adding them all together.

Reflection:
Lowkey it was a harder problem than anticipated, using dp wasnt hard but figuring out how to calculate every split was a bit mind boggling
and i required a bit of help from friends explaining it and in the end i got it. The code was quite short but it had the same logic 
where i go through each possiblity as the a handshake splits the circle into two and calculated the ones that were perfect.


ErdosNumber - 
Initial Thoughts:
I can tell this question requires a BFS solution where each author is a node in a graph and if multiple authors coauthored a paper
than there is an edge between them. First i have to build a graph from the given list and run BFS on it storing their erdos number 
for each author and then return them lexicographically. I've never implemented BFS before so i know im going to need help in solving
this question. 

Reflection:
No doubt in my mind that this was the hardest question i've ever attempted, i had trouble building the graph becasue there could be 
more than two authors for one paper and had to make connections between each one because the graph is undirected. And for BFS
i had to implement a queue to keep track of the next authors to process. This was by far the most difficult part of this question 
and i definetly need to study on this more. This last part where u return lexicographically was quite weird but straighfoward at 
the same time. graph problems will definetly be an issue for me in the future exams.


CellRemoval -
This is my first tree question, i had a bit of trouble with them in the past but i feel like i can manage, I know that i first
have to build the tree which should be alright, i need to then mark the deleted one proabbly using another function and finally 
count the remaining cells. This all sounds straightfoward but i still will run into trouble implementing it. 