DifferentStrings - 
Initial Thoughts:
This question was weirdly worded but seems quite easy to implement, im assuming the question is asking the potential difference 
between A and B assuming u can prepend or append words to match the length. Althought that seems tricky,i thought of a solution
where you dont need to add any words rather just slide the word A against B counting the difference between letters. Since
we know A will be shorter than B, we first go through every combination where A would slide against B starting at a new index 
every time and keeping the minimal difference without adding any extra words.

Reflection:
I got a bit confused with the indexing cause i used a nested for loop but i figured it out in the end, other than that the question
was quite short and simple but interesting because this qould be like a week 4 question. I have my praxx exam coming up so i need 
to study for this, i want to attempt harder questions to prepare for this exam.


BlockEnemy - 
Initial Thoughts:
This weeks Bonus question looks very challenging, after reading it several times i finally understand what the problem is asking us,
U are first given the number of towns and the a vector of strings indicating the roads bettwen each town and how much effort it 
takes to destroy that road. Now we want to destroy roads using the least effort so that the occupiedtowns have no connection
between each other. First thing i noticed was that there was only one road leading to each town meaning its a tree and to solve this
question u gotta destroy all edges leaving the occupied town disconnected. And to find the most optimal route i gotta most likely
use dfs on a tree which i already have problems with.

Reflection:
After trial and error for a long time i realised that my dfs doesnt work for all test cases, i end up having to use help from AI telling
me to use a DSU approach because it simplifies the greedy decision process from a localised recurison to a single global choice.
Although i understand the solution,this question still confuses me a bit because im not very familiar with dsu and my dfs solution
was the main one that i understood. Overall this question taught me about other algorithms ii can use in the future.


BigBurger - 
Initial Thoughts:
This quesiton institively seems quite simple, since we are given the order already in non-decresing order, we have to loop through
calculating the max wait for each customers and simply return the largest one. I want to first calculate the wait time of the first
person, then you subtract it from teh wait person next in line. then if the wait is less than 0 than it remain 0 as the max but the 
current wait time should be reset to 0 rather than staying at the wait from the previous time. IDK if i explained that alright but
im going to try and code it and see where i go wrong.

Reflection:
I shoulve thought about the question because the logic was quite easy to get but i kept stumbling around it, i jsut had to first check 
if the current was smaller than the arrival[i], if it was than the arrivial[i] would be the new  current becasue there would be 
no wait time. the wait would simply just e the current - arrival[i] and keep the max everytime. Ijust had to update the current
with the service[i] everytime which i forgot and messed up my code. Im honestly very sad that i didnt get this in one go.


BridgeSort -
Initial Thoughts:
This is a classic sorting problem but it invovles char such as T J Q K A meaning i have to create my own sorting pattern, the first
way i thought of was creating a string with the corrects rankings and then when parsing through the numbers it would first rank it based
on suit and if they have the same suit it would rank numbers. Because each card is represented by two characters, i would use pair 
as that logically makes the most sense. The only issue i can forsee is how i would compare sorting trhouhg a string, like does < and >
work for strings? If it doesnt than im not sure what else to do.

Reflection: