TaliluluCoffee - 
Initial Thoughts:
This question took a while for me to understand but looks fundamentally easy, since the order can change, i feel like i can simply
sort the tips from largest to smallest and simply just serve them in that order. I really dont understand why this problem has such
a high difficulty rating, probably because they want us to solve it without sorting. I can just rally up the total using tips[i] - i and
if its negative just count it as 0.

Reflection:
As expected i solved it in one go following my intial thought strategy, this solution is quite efficient as well with a time complexity
of n log n due to sorting the array first. This question didnt require any local testing or error as it was very straightfoward.


Thimbles - 
Initial Thoughts:
Again im attempting the easist problem given as my flight just got canceled and now im really sad so an easy question will cheer me up,
I already see a solution where i frist set the current as 1 and then since the string is alwasy the same length, ican check swaps[0]
and swaps[3] for the integers and if its equal to the current then swap it for the other one. This seems like a very simple solution Again.

Reflection:
I ran into a small issue where i shoulve used an else if statement rather than an if statement but other than that it was pretty simple
to solve following my inital thought logic. Its a O(1) solution and quite short, im now gonna attempt the week8 bonus problem.


CorporationSalary - 
Initial Thoughts:
This quesitno was a lot to take in but i get the fundamentals of it, bascially its asking whats the total salary of all employees 
given a matrix in string determining whether or not that employer is a manager or not. And the salary of an employer with subordinates
is the total salary of their sum of their direct subordinates. If an employee has no subordinates then their salary is simply 1. my
first thought is to use a dfs search with memoisation where i loop through the matrix and determine employees with nno subordinates
mkaing theihr salary equal to 1 and store it. Then i conintue the recursion until all salaries are accounted for.

Reflection:
This question was quite hard as expected and i needed assistance from my peers as im quite unfamiliar dealing the matrixes, in the 
exam i struggled with the matrix question and had to study afterwards to try and understand how to deal with them. Simply you just 
loop through the relations twice and if the i,j is equal to Y than call itself but providing that it does have a subordinate, and at
the end if it doesnt have a subordinate than simply its equal to 1 and else store it into memo if it already wasnt there already. This
question was decieving at first but after going through it, it wasn't that bad i just had a lot of trouble figuring out how to using 
memoisation to make it more efficinet.


RockStar - 
Initial Thoughts:
This question stands out to me as it looks quite decieving but i kept thinking about it and you kist have to address every case possible.
First case is if there are no fast starting songs, then you start with all the ss and add 1 if there is any sf. Now if there is a 
fast starting song then you start with all the ff songs, then use one fs and spam all the ss, and them finish off by alternating between
fs and sf until one o fthem runs out. 

Reflection:
This question required a lot of bad trial and error becasue i coulnd tfigure out what went wrong with my initial code, in the end it 
was because i didnt have edge cases where i needed to add one depending on whether there were more sf or fs. Other than that i followed
the same logic mentioned in the initial thoughts. It was actually quite an easy one but i shouldve thoguht about it more deeply 
considering every edge case.


OVERALL REFLECTION
Each question attempted felt easier than the difficultyl provided besides the bonus question of course, i can tell im getting better
because im able to walk myself through each question without giving up and looking for answers straight away. Im able to think more
logically having a proper approach to each question with a general idea in mind. The bonus question is the only one that was a challenge
for me but ive done dfs multiple times before so i like how it relays into that. To conclude my progress since week 1 has been crazy
and i hope to take this logic mindset into the future for my leetcode interviews:).